Key,File,Type,UsedInMainMenu,NoTranslate,english
{my_key},{xml_file},{type_of_object},{true/false/null},{true/false/null},"{Localized_Name_Eng}"
animalBabyDeer,entityclasses,Entity,,,Fawn,,
animalBabyChicken,entityclasses,Entity,,,Chick,,
animalBabyRabbit,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rabbit Kitten,,
animalBabyBoar,entityclasses,Entity,,,Piglet,,
animalBear,entityclasses,Entity,,,Bear,,
animalBabyBear,entityclasses,Entity,,,Bear Cub,,
animalBabyWolf,entityclasses,Entity,,,Wolf Pup,,
animalBabyCoyote,entityclasses,Entity,,,Coyote pup,,
animalBabyMountainLion,entityclasses,Entity,,,Mountain Lion Kit,,
animalBabyDireWolf,entityclasses,Entity,,,Dire Wolf Pup,,
animalBabyZombieBear,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Bear Cub,,
animalBabyZombieDog,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Dog Pup,,
animalBabySnake,entityclasses,Entity,,,Snakelet,,
animalBabyZombieVulture,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Vulture Chick,,
animalBabyZombieVultureRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,,,Radiated Zombie Vulture Chick,,

animalTeenDoe,entityclasses,Entity,,,young doe,,
animalTeenStag,entityclasses,Entity,,,young buck,,
animalTeenChicken,entityclasses,Entity,,,young chicken,,
animalTeenRabbit,entityclasses,Entity,,,young rabbit,,
animalTeenBoar,entityclasses,Entity,,,young boar,,
animalTeenBear,entityclasses,Entity,,,young bear,,
animalTeenWolf,entityclasses,Entity,,,young wolf,,
animalTeenCoyote,entityclasses,Entity,,,young coyote,,
animalTeenMountainLion,entityclasses,Entity,,,young mountain lion,,
animalTeenDireWolf,entityclasses,Entity,,,young dire wolf,,
animalTeenZombieBear,entityclasses,Entity,,,young zombie bear,,
animalTeenZombieDog,entityclasses,Entity,,,young zombie dog,,
animalTeenSnake,entityclasses,Entity,,,young snake,,
animalTeenZombieVulture,entityclasses,Entity,,,young zombie vulture,,
animalTeenZombieVultureRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,,,young radiated zombie vulture,,