animalIceburgBabyDeer,entityclasses,Entity,,,fawn,,
animalIceburgBabyChicken,entityclasses,Entity,,,chick,,
animalIceburgBabyRabbit,entityclasses,Entity,,,rabbit kitten,,
animalIceburgBabyBoar,entityclasses,Entity,,,piglet,,
animalIceburgBabyBear,entityclasses,Entity,,,bear cub,,
animalIceburgBabyWolf,entityclasses,Entity,,,wolf pup,,
animalIceburgBabyCoyote,entityclasses,Entity,,,coyote pup,,
animalIceburgBabyMountainLion,entityclasses,Entity,,,mountain lion kit,,
animalIceburgBabyDireWolf,entityclasses,Entity,,,dire wolf pup,,
animalIceburgBabyZombieBear,entityclasses,Entity,,,zombie bear cub,,
animalIceburgBabyZombieDog,entityclasses,Entity,,,zombie dog pup,,
animalIceburgBabySnake,entityclasses,Entity,,,snakelet,,
animalIceburgBabyZombieVulture,entityclasses,Entity,,,zombie vulture chick,,
animalIceburgBabyZombieVultureRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,,,radiated zombie vulture chick,,

animalIceburgTeenDoe,entityclasses,Entity,,,young doe,,
animalIceburgTeenStag,entityclasses,Entity,,,young buck,,
animalIceburgTeenChicken,entityclasses,Entity,,,young chicken,,
animalIceburgTeenRabbit,entityclasses,Entity,,,young rabbit,,
animalIceburgTeenBoar,entityclasses,Entity,,,young boar,,
animalIceburgTeenBear,entityclasses,Entity,,,young bear,,
animalIceburgTeenWolf,entityclasses,Entity,,,young wolf,,
animalIceburgTeenCoyote,entityclasses,Entity,,,young coyote,,
animalIceburgTeenMountainLion,entityclasses,Entity,,,young mountain lion,,
animalIceburgTeenDireWolf,entityclasses,Entity,,,young dire wolf,,
animalIceburgTeenZombieBear,entityclasses,Entity,,,young zombie bear,,
animalIceburgTeenZombieDog,entityclasses,Entity,,,young zombie dog,,
animalIceburgTeenSnake,entityclasses,Entity,,,young snake,,
animalIceburgTeenZombieVulture,entityclasses,Entity,,,young zombie vulture,,
animalIceburgTeenZombieVultureRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,,,young radiated zombie vulture,,